I do an Lisl blender foundation certified trainer.
And I'd like to invite you to join me as we use Blender to create this animated scene of a mech descending
into an underground tomb.
As we go you'll be introduced to Blender's modeling tool set as we build the character and the environment.
We'll talk about manipulating objects.
The difference between object mode and edit mode.
And as we begin modeling the Mac will discuss more advanced topics like cutting one 3D object with another
using booleans.
We'll talk about object origins and parenting creating geometry with the bridge tool and creating tubes
or pipes with Bezier curves will create the elements of the environment the pillars the walls and we'll
add more detailed scene elements along the way.
Once the modeling is complete we'll talk about U-V mapping what it is why it's needed and how Blender's
U.V. mapping tool set can help you U-V map your 3D objects quickly and efficiently.
We'll take a look at Blender's cycles render engine as we add the materials for the Mac and the environment.
We'll use the free open source image editing program gimp to prepare and edit our textures and apply
them to the 3D models in the environment and on the Mac.
Ultimately we'll want our character to move.
So we'll go overpreparing the character for rigging creating the armature and how to set up an advanced
foot roll rig will create custom shapes and make sure all our controls are parroted and organized ready
for animating will begin animating our character flying into the scene and drop into the ground.
We'll use Blender's graph editor and dope sheet to adjust the timing and we'll talk about key framing
and tangents as well.
Once our scene is complete and we've animated the character we'll do some final tweaks to the lighting
as well as have some fun creating a jet flame effect for our MX's jet pack and in the end will render
out the animation and export a movie file bringing an animated scene to life is an amazing process and
once you know how to do it you can bring any of your ideas to life.
So join me for mastering Blendr.